v0.58.5 - Back to Reality

Changes:
Sadly, april fools is already over now and the sounds are back to normal. Are you ready for the big update tomorrow?
Fixed RNLogs.txt file not getting created.



v0.58.4 - Sound Rework Update

Changes:
You asked for sounds, but there are already sounds in GRAB! So I figured it's time to rework most of the existing sounds to make them more noticeable and more personal.



v0.58.3 - Saint Patrick's Day Update

Changes:
Added a shamrock badge to the shop in anticipation of Saint Patrick's Day!
Restarting a level will now reset all animations that have not been changed by a shared trigger.
Triggers are no longer shared by default.
Modded gravity blocks will now be restricted to roughly 100 G, hopefully fixing people getting sent into the void.
Fixed not being able to create prefabs from blocks with specularity.



v0.58.2 - Prefab Restrictions & Referral Limits

Changes:
The setting if prefabs can be saved or not is now on the prefab screen and everyone can see the current setting.
Fixed an issue that allowed for prefabs that could break the collision for everyone.
Prevent modded colors in prefabs.
Prevent loading of blocks with negative scales.
Prevent some 0 complexity prefabs.
Referrals are now limited to 5 and the code can no longer be regenerated.



v0.58.1 - Trigger Fixes & Improvements

Changes:
Fixed a specific trigger configuration making whoever triggers it crash ("ban hammer").
Fixed prefabs not being displayed correctly.
Fixed prefabs that include triggers that are connected to blocks in the prefab not working correctly for other players after creation.
Improved the selection when moving out of a group.



v0.58.0 - Trigger Update!

Changes:
New Lobby and new cosmetics!
New trigger block type that can start, stop or reverse one or more animations when interacted with.
You can now save things you built as prefabs and reuse them in other levels.
You can now select a group, move the right thumbstick up and click it to move into a group to make some changes without ungrouping. Move the thumbstick down and click to move back out.
Players can now refer new players with a referral code and both get GRAB coins on a successful referral.
Fixed merge glitch that would turn you into other players and cause all kind of weirdness.
Fixed breaking blocks not respawning when switching to publishing a level.
Fixed level info not updating immediately on the pause menu when editing it.
Fixed fly glitch with consumables.
